---
title: Software
namespace: business
lang: en
---

PantherX comes with all the tools you need, to run a successful business, without the headache of system maintenance cryptic error messages and yearly renewal fees.

### Mail, Calendar & Contacts

The heart of every business, are the connection it makes. All communication tools, you rely on daily, have been designed specifically for PantherX. Not only will you find emails faster, but calendars and contacts are right there, when you need them.

All popular providers are supported out of the box, including Fastmail, Google Apps and Microsoft Office 365. For users with strict security and privacy requirements, we also support EteSync, an end-to-end encrypted, sync solution.

<div class="has-inline-images is-greyscale">
  {% include image.html image="google_square.svg" alt="PantherX supports Google Apps" type="logo" %}
  {% include image.html image="exchange_square.svg" alt="PantherX supports Microsoft Exchange" type="logo" %}
  {% include image.html image="fastmail_square.png" alt="PantherX supports Fastmail" type="logo" %}
</div>

### Files

It's easy, secure and free to sync files between different PantherX powered systems, and Mac, Windows, iOS and Android. Share files within the office, or to remote workers, assign permissions and version changes - so a deleted file, can easily be recovered. The best, it works without registration, subscription, or a 3rd party you need to trust and rely on.

Also supported are popular cloud storage provider, including Dropbox and Google Drive.

### Reliability

We've designed PantherX to be as robust and reliable as possible. Powered by Linux, you can expect nothing less but a rock solid system, that after years, runs like on the first day. Should anything, ever go wrong, PantherX features fantastic backup tools and a system recovery feature, that get's you back to work, in less than 5 minutes.

### Office alternative

All your Microsoft Office files, work out of the box, using the excellent LibreOffice suite. Supported are all documents, including Word, Excel, Power Point and even Database files.

Pick-up your work with a familiar interface, share files with colleagues, that still use Microsoft Office.
